Is this the attitude of your Great Xia Chamber of Commerce?
I'm asking you. I'm asking you.
Is this the attitude of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce?
Has the temple of the presidency been revealed?
You have to go back
I just want a consultant yes or fuck no yes
We're going back on it.
What happened to the new president?
You little stinky security guard
What do you really think you are capable of?
Ye Tianci, you have used all the wrong means
Stole my chairpersonship
When the six commanders arrived
I see how you end up
President of the Chamber of Commerce in this building
It was originally given to my brother.
No one can take it away
I can't accept it, I can't hold it in my anger, I can't bear it.
Or I'll make you die one by one ugly
Hahaha you this time
I am in charge of the Sixth Major
Since admission
You never showed me the respect to count the doors in the venue
Six people maximum
Where did you get the confidence?
100% superior posture
I was already superior
Why gesture
And today's chairpersonship
You are like a dragon
Can't sit
Even with the support of the six managers, it is useless
Who do you think you are?
Then I'll tell you who I am
I am the owner of the temple